As a newcomer to Skylark International
Use an awards ceremony to clear the way for Mr. Chu
It's not a problem.
The talent that Mr. Chu showed in the program
You can see that.
This is the foundation of happiness
If Mr. Chu wins the championship in the finals
It also just proves that I, Skylark International
A discerning eye
The reputation of the Golden Melody Awards
The strength of the company and the rise of Mr. Chu's reputation
It's been a while.
Oh.
I promise you.
How did it go?
Do you want to congratulate Mr. Yin on his success?
He is still unwilling to admit his identity
But I can sit down and chat with him
I must be very satisfied
So what are you going to do?
I heard that I have torn my face with Xu Ruojun
Skylark International
But a media company with a market value of tens of billions
You are not afraid
And it was also because I admired him.
Only then did he resolutely step into this industry
Without him
There is no current logic
All this you already belong to him
But right now, the global entertainment market is burdened
I believe him.
I will forget my original intention